In this video, I'm going to present arguments
against AI and, more
specifically, why more
people aren't making money despite using
AI a lot, maximizing tokens,
coding vibrations, and creating all
these applications and everything.  I think
the big misconception surrounding AI
is that, somehow, AI has
overridden every other form of
leverage.  And if you're new to the
channel, leverage simply means
the difference between what you put in and what
you get out.  If you have high
leverage, you put in a little and
get a lot back.  If you have little
leverage, you put in a lot and get little back
.  So, you know, AI
introduces high leverage,
which is great.  But the point is
that there are many things that create
leverage.  And this whole misconception
that we should only
use AI to succeed, seen from
another perspective.  Companies that are
currently using AI, and individuals who are
using it and seeing their token bills
increase, are somehow not
making more money.  And then what
I find interesting are a couple of
things.  Firstly, when I look at
our business, we have now had
another kind of gradual increase in
our revenue.  But it's not thanks to
AI.  That's the question.  It's not
thanks to AI.  Even if AI didn't exist,
we would still have had the increase
.  And so it's not like a
direct line there.  The second type of
test that I think is more interesting
around this, and then I'll give you
some tactics, is that I spoke to
several of my wealthier,
older friends over the last week or
two and said, "Listen, I know you
need to make public appearances."    I
told them, "Of course, where, you
know, I'm a big advocate for AI
because you have to do that."  But I
asked them, "How much do you actually use
AI each day?"  And they kind of looked
around and said, "Dude, I don't use
AI."  And I told them, "Well, your teams
don't do it."  And he says, "Oh, sure,
sure, sure."  And they say, "Of
course our teams are
using it."  And I'm bringing people in and
we're building the team and all that kind
of stuff.  And I tell them, "But you're not
using it."  And they say, "No,
no, I'm not doing it."  And I
tell them, "That seems very interesting to me."
And this is the idea with which I want to
challenge you, and then I'll leave some
tactics for the end, which is that there are
many forms of leverage.  And
many forms of leverage are
multiplicative.  For example,
capital continues to have
tremendous leverage.  The arrival of
AI did not eliminate the leverage
used by capital.  If you're in the
media and you make a video like this and
thousands or millions of people see it, that
's tremendous leverage, right
?  AI does not eliminate it.  Well, and when
you multiply some of these things,
let's say you have capital, you have
resources, and maybe you have equipment, right?
People continue to exert influence on
others.  I find it ironic that
these cutting-edge labs with
all this AI still have
thousands of employees, so it's
interesting as a counterpoint that
people are still needed and useful.
But the idea is that I see many
entrepreneurs trying to take advantage of
AI because their work capacity has
increased thanks to AI.  Now they do
things they wouldn't have
done otherwise if they didn't have AI.  But the
point is that those things they
otherwise wouldn't have done were less of a
priority.  So now they do
things that were less important,
faster and automated.  Brilliant.  Not
great.  It doesn't matter.  That's my point.
Well, one of the interesting things about
not having AI is that it forces you to
prioritize better.  It forces you to focus
on the things that will make the
business work.  And I don't see, except for
a handful of exceptions, that
most of the AI ​​use cases I
've seen are actually generating
much more money for the business.  I believe
that having a much greater amount of
advertising creativity is
certainly useful from an
advertising perspective.  We have an
AI sales representative who has been helpful.  But
the point is that the
AI ​​sales rep is great, but he also
knows how to build sales teams.
So that's not how it is, you know what I
mean?  It is more efficient and
allows for scalability, but it generally does not
represent the main
limiting factor for the business.  And what I
mean is that the limitations
of the business, many limitations of the
business, at least up to this point,
cannot be solved so perfectly
with AI.  And if they were, everyone would
earn a lot more money.  This is
kind of the crux of the matter, which is that
let me give you other examples
of leverage that people
are simply not using and for
which no
technological expertise is needed.  If you have a
sole proprietorship, you can do it
one-to-one, you know, one-to-many.
It's as if that creates a lot of
leverage, or even leverage from one to a
small group.  And then, if you were to go
one-to-one, you have
10 times greater leverage, just like that, with that
single decision, right?  If you move from
having scheduled appointments with
clients to asynchronous appointments with
clients, it's like that gives you a
tremendous boost in leverage in
terms of how many people you
need from a
delivery perspective.  If you change your
sales strategy so that a higher percentage of
people buy.  And then, instead
of needing 10 salespeople, you need
two and they close the same amount because,
basically, you've educated your
potential customers throughout the entire
sales process more
thoroughly.  Therefore, they need less
information to make the decision,
which means you have fewer
and shorter conversations
with your sales representatives
.  They speak with more qualified clients.
So, as a result, you can take
what used to require 10 people and
channel it to two.  None of that
uses AI.  What I mean is that there are so
many places in a business where
you can increase leverage that
there's this fallacy that, like now
I have this infinite tool, and
I'll use "infinite" in quotes here.    I
'm seeing that many people aren't
earning more money.  That's the point.  And
then there's the idea that we can
discard the fundamentals of the business,
but that's not true.  For example,
you have to use all forms of
leverage at your
disposal to overcome the
business constraint.  If you don't know
what the business constraint is,
doing more automated things won't make you
more money.  I think this
was the conversation I was
having because I'm going to tell you that what
can be most beneficial, even
more than AI, is making good
decisions.  Think about it.  If I have
my whole team together and I say, "Hey guys, we're
not actually going to do all this
work here because I don't think it's
important anymore."  By doing that, I get much
more out of my equipment.  For me, it's
much more efficient to determine that
something is not a priority than to
automate something that really isn't a
priority.  That was good.  That
was pretty good.  It's greater
leverage, so I'll get more out
of this resource I have on
my team than if I just try to
automate it and then create a result
that's irrelevant.  This is what I
'm seeing, and I think quality is still
important.  AI isn't
there for many things.  Obviously,
there are use cases, and I would say
we are very early and
very aggressive adopters of AI across the
business.  But when I look at the business
as a whole, the things that are
making it grow are the same things that have always
made it grow, right?  We need to
generate, to create more demand.
We need to convert a
higher percentage of that demand and we need to
create, we need to offer, you know,
very high quality material.  And right now
AI can help, but it's like
having access to many things;
actually, it's probably a very good
analogy. It's almost like having access to
many virtual assistants, like
third-world virtual assistants.
That's how many of the
use cases are right now, in a way.  I'm not saying it's
a perfect analogy, but there are
many lines of communication there,
which have always been there.  And to be
fair, I think that right now
virtual assistants are sometimes
even cheaper than using
AI tokens.  Well, that's always been
there, and companies that didn't
have them or that did have
continued to compete, and it's still the
same market, and they're still high
quality, and there are still people who have
good brands, and there are still great
deals and bad deals.  For example,
if you have a terrible offer, the AI ​​on
the back-end isn't going to help you.  Now
, you could say that I'm going to use
AI to improve my offer.  Maybe,
maybe not.  Don't know.  Well, anyway,
that's my public service announcement,
which is that AI, while it increases
leverage, does not eliminate other forms
of leverage.  And most
people use it to be more
distracted because now they have more
resources.  They keep making bad
decisions about how to allocate those
resources, and as a result, three of them don't
earn more money just because they have AI
.  Therefore, I would ask myself this question
: Has implementing AI in my business
made me earn more money?  If you haven't
done so, you're probably
using it in the wrong place,
which means you need to get back to what
matters most, which is identifying your
true limitation and then forcing it.
All of you are very limited, and I
say that including myself.  All
companies, compared to the
resources available in the world, each
of us has, like, a tiny bit
of resources available to us.
So we have that tiny bit of potential, and
our ability to focus that
tiny bit of resources on the one
thing that's going to move the needle, our
ability to be able to do that is what will
ultimately make you more
money, even more than AI.  AI
is just a tool;  That's not the
answer.  Well, anyway, that's my
opinion for the day.  I hope you like
my very improvised style, and if you
hate it, you can tell me that too.
Anyway, lots of love.  If you enjoyed this
video and own a business
looking to surpass your
current revenue ceiling, I've summarized all the
lessons I've learned about
growing 10 businesses beyond $10
million and three businesses beyond $
100 million into a
completely free growth roadmap that I
've used to go from 0 to 1, from 0
to 10, and from 0 to 100 or more.  You can
click here to view it.  Again, it's
completely free.  And since you
own a business, I
appreciate it.  And enjoy it.